import { Hero, QuestionAndAnswer, WhatYouWillLearn } from '@/components/landing'
import { HomeLayout } from '@/layouts/home-layout'

export default HomeLayout

<Hero />

<QuestionAndAnswer>
### So you know what will happen, but do you know <span className="font-bold text-transparent bg-clip-text bg-gradient-orange-to-pink">why?</span>

Most resources would give you a high-level explanation, perhaps involving a
metaphor about a restaurant kitchen or a rollercoaster. But that doesn't really
help you understand the nitty-gritty details of the Event Loop, the Web API, and
the task queue, does it?

This illustrates one of the biggest pain points in the JavaScript ecosystem: the
lack of resources that strike the perfect balance between depth and clarity.

On one end of the spectrum, you have tutorials and articles that barely skim the
surface, leaving you with more questions than answers. On the other end, are
explanations that are so dry and boring that they suck the joy out of learning.

Because of this, many developers barely scratch the surface of a language,
relying more on pattern recognition and memorization rather than building a deep
understanding of what's going on behind the scenes.

While you can certainly build a successful career without understanding the
inner workings of JavaScript, **you'll hit a ceiling at some point.**

You'll struggle with debugging, optimization, and grasping advanced concepts.
You'll find it hard to keep up with why trends and tools change, and you'll be
limited in your ability to contribute to your work and the community at large.

</QuestionAndAnswer>

<QuestionAndAnswer className="mt-4">
### Why settle for good, when you can be <span className="font-bold text-transparent bg-clip-text bg-gradient-green-to-blue">great?</span>

You could be the developer that others turn to for help, the one who can explain
complex concepts in a way that makes sense to everyone without relying on
oversimplified metaphors.

You could understand the root cause behind bugs and performance issues, write
more efficient code, and contribute to open-source projects with confidence. You
could build your own libraries and frameworks, and even create your own tools to
analyze and optimize your code.

**That's where JavaScript Visualized comes in.**

</QuestionAndAnswer>

<WhatYouWillLearn />

<div className="mx-auto max-w-2xl text-balance text-center">
	JavaScript Visualized is not a course that holds your hand through building an
	app or using a library. Increase your confidence by equipping yourself with
	the knowledge of how JavaScript's{' '}
	<span className="whitespace-nowrap">**behind-the-scenes processes**</span>
	impact the code you write every day.
</div>

<QuestionAndAnswer>
### So, what about<br />the <span className="font-bold text-transparent bg-clip-text bg-gradient-green-to-blue">code snippet?</span>

If you're still wondering why `Start`, `End`, and `Callback` are printed in that
order even though `logCallback()` is called first, the answer lies in how
`setTimeout` interacts with the task queue and the event loop. In short, when
the callback function is pushed to the Web API, the `setTimeout` function
without the callback is popped off the call stack. This allows `logStart()` and
`logEnd()` to be executed. Once the call stack is empty, the callback function
is pushed to the task queue, where it waits for the event loop to pick it up and
execute it before popping it off the call stack.

</QuestionAndAnswer>
